README.md, before:

# jweb-object-detection

A self contained example demonstrating how to use MediaPipe Object Detection with Max's `jweb`

![Max example patcher screenshot](jweb-object-detect.gif)

## Features

This demo uses a model trained on the COCO dataset. It can identify [80 different classes](https://github.com/amikelive/coco-labels/blob/master/coco-labels-2014_2017.txt) of object in an image. 


|      |              |                |   |
|------|--------------|----------------|---|
| person | bicycle | car | motorcycle |
| airplane | bus | train | truck | 
| boat | traffic light | fire hydrant| stop sign |
| parking meter | bench | bird | cat |
| dog | horse | sheep | cow | 
| elephant | bear | zebra | giraffe |
| backpack | umbrella | handbag | tie | 
| suitcase | frisbee | skis | snowboard | 
| sports ball | kite | baseball bat | baseball glove | 
| skateboard | surfboard | tennis racket | bottle | 
| wine glass | cup | fork | knife |
| spoon | bowl | banana | apple | 
| sandwich | orange | broccoli | carrot | 
| hot dog | pizza | donut | cake |
| chair | couch | potted plant | bed | 
| dining table | toilet | tv | laptop |
| mouse | remote | keyboard | cell phone | 
| microwave | oven | toaster | sink |  
| refrigerator | book | clock | vase | 
| scissors |  teddy bear | hair drier | toothbrush | 



## Resources

This example is inspired by [an example by Rob Ramirez](https://github.com/robtherich/jweb-mediapipe), which is in turn inspired by [MediaPipe in JavaScript](https://github.com/LintangWisesa/MediaPipe-in-JavaScript).

Commit message:

Add support for still image detection

README.md, after:

# jweb-object-detection

A self contained example demonstrating how to use MediaPipe Object Detection with Max's `jweb` connected to either a live webcamera stream or using still images.

![Max example patcher screenshot](jweb-object-detect.gif)

## Features

This demo uses a model trained on the COCO dataset. It can identify [80 different classes](https://github.com/amikelive/coco-labels/blob/master/coco-labels-2014_2017.txt) of object in an image. 


|      |              |                |   |
|------|--------------|----------------|---|
| person | bicycle | car | motorcycle |
| airplane | bus | train | truck | 
| boat | traffic light | fire hydrant| stop sign |
| parking meter | bench | bird | cat |
| dog | horse | sheep | cow | 
| elephant | bear | zebra | giraffe |
| backpack | umbrella | handbag | tie | 
| suitcase | frisbee | skis | snowboard | 
| sports ball | kite | baseball bat | baseball glove | 
| skateboard | surfboard | tennis racket | bottle | 
| wine glass | cup | fork | knife |
| spoon | bowl | banana | apple | 
| sandwich | orange | broccoli | carrot | 
| hot dog | pizza | donut | cake |
| chair | couch | potted plant | bed | 
| dining table | toilet | tv | laptop |
| mouse | remote | keyboard | cell phone | 
| microwave | oven | toaster | sink |  
| refrigerator | book | clock | vase | 
| scissors |  teddy bear | hair drier | toothbrush | 

## Notes

Still images seem to work best when faces are not too far from the camera.

## Resources

This example is inspired by [an example by Rob Ramirez](https://github.com/robtherich/jweb-mediapipe), which is in turn inspired by [MediaPipe in JavaScript](https://github.com/LintangWisesa/MediaPipe-in-JavaScript).
